(One Night Two Days)
(Four years ago)
(These six separate streams...)
(united for the first time.)
(As we look back,)
(there were only joyous memories.)
(For Kim Joo Hyuck, our brother, our family)
(One Night Two Days)
- Hi, Defconn. - Joo Hyuck.
- Yes? - What are you up to?
I'm home.
(The man at his home is...)
(Kim Joo Hyuck.)
Tell him to stay there.
Stay there, all right?
- I have to get going. - No, stay there.
- Don't go. - Stay home.
- We'll call you soon. - I have to go.
Go where?
There's an interview for my new movie.
- We'll come to you then. - Where are you?
Are you filming right now?
We are. We wanted to wish you a happy New Year.
- I have to be out by 11. - Okay.
- We'll see you at 11. - Got it.
Over there.
Where's Joo Hyuck?
(They're here to see their big brother.)
What are you wearing?
What is this? Why are you dressed in that?
My gosh.
- What's wrong? - What is this?
- Happy New Year. - Happy New Year!
- Unbelievable. - We loved your...
New Year's interview.
We read how you see the show every week.
It's cold outside. Are you warm enough?
See? We have to gather every year.
The moment I saw who was calling...
- "Don't answer it." - That's what I thought.
Of course.
Still, you answered.
I wasn't going to.
I've been promoting the show in my interviews.
They ask about you instead of my movie.
There are so many articles about you...
- and One Night Two Days. - Exactly.
I need to tune in two days from now.
You're battling it out in the sauna.
(Joo Hyuck never missed an episode.)
I've tuned in every week since my departure.
(I watched every episode.)
We feel like you're with us every week.
You could always join us for once.
Okay, I will with no strings attached.
- I knew it. - You promised.
- You'll join us sometime. - Right.
We'll have your outfit ready.
- All right? - What?
Okay, fine.
One Night...
- Two Days. - Two Days.
(Remember the members, we are one.)
(He promised to join us again someday.)
(Today, we keep that promise.)
(November 22, 2013, first day of season 3)
We're here.
(They secretly enter the new member's house.)
(Their first encounter)
My gosh.
(My gosh!)
(Kim Joo Hyuck)
What?
(Water is sprayed.)
(Annoyed)
- What... - Joo Hyuck.
Hi.
- What is this? - Hi.
Hello.
You should've immediately sprayed the water.
Was this necessary?
Unbelievable.
I mean...
(Grumbling)
I wanted to make a good first impression.
- What's going on? - Hurry up.
Joon Ho, quickly.
Hi.
- It's Kim Joo Hyuck. - I'm Kim Joo Hyuck.
(Stammering)
Here. Have some water.
- What's this? - It's really nothing.
(Sniggering)
(What on earth is this?)
(This is hilarious.)
I smell a man living alone.
(They tip-toe so that they don't wake him up.)
Hi, I'm sorry to do this when we've just met.
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry. - Look at him.
Are you kidding me?
Hang on. Who are you?
Nice to meet you.
He's Joo Hyuck. Kim Joo Hyuck.
Yes, hello.
(His boxers are just as polite.)
- He's awake now. - Hi.
(Hi, little brother.)
(We're here for you.)
(Joo Hyuck holds him by the back of his neck.)
More, more!
- More. - Get at him!
- There are students. - Let's head over to them.
- Yes, let's. - We'll ask them.
Kids love me.
- Not many kids know me. - Of course they do.
Hi, guys.
- Gather over here. - Hi!
- That's right. - They're all excited.
You'll be participating in a life-changing vote.
Anyway, let's do a dry-run.
Don't turn around until we tell you to.
Just stand behind...
the person you like the most.
- In 1, 2, 3, go. - Go!
(Go!)
No way.
One needs to step up his game.
There's one that really should.
My goodness.
Two will be eliminated from this round.
(Voting complete)
I just hope that you won't...
take this too personally.
- All right? - Of course.
Why is it so quiet?
Especially you, Joon Young.
- Joon Young... - It's so quiet.
- Don't be too upset. - Did you set me up?
Joon Ho, I bet you're not expecting many.
Kids from 4 to 19 tend to adore me.
- Really? - A lot are behind me.
Is that what you think?
You know how popular Joon Ho is these days.
(Meanwhile...)
I feel somewhat lonely right now.
- Really? - Don't worry.
You're actor Kim Joo Hyuck.
- I feel lonely. - You're one of the best.
- I can feel the cold air. - Once you turn around,
you'll know you have to do better.
(No one's behind him.)
In 1, 2, 3.
(Joo Hyuck)
(Tell me that...)
(this is a joke.)
- Yes! - I knew it.
Look how many stood behind me.
- There's no one here. - No way.
- This is great. - Hi, guys.
I'm going to do my best on this show.
I'll pour my heart into it.
- Thank you, guys. - Are you upset?
- Thank you. - I'm nothing but upset.
The man who no one stood behind...
is movie star Kim Joo Hyuck.
- I'll have to do better. - He's very famous.
Stop it!
Stop it already.
- I'm so lonely. - Gosh.
I'm nothing but lonely.
You look lonely from behind too.
Instead of forcing this, I need to be myself.
It's my first day.
As we grow closer,
we'll become a family.
(It's just the beginning.)
That's how we'll be.
(We didn't...)
(quite know him well yet.)
Let's eat.
(A feast)
I love every item of food over there.
Now I'm going crazy.
Flip the meat.
- A strip of kimchi. - Flip the meat.
- Who cares? - The aged kimchi...
- Aged kimchi? - Joo Hyuck,
- let's not beg. - Why not?
- We're on TV. - So?
Just think about it.
You need to be strong.
Why should we share anyway?
Let's keep our integrity intact.
(Tae Hyun notices something.)
Don't you find it weird...
that there's a karaoke machine here?
I know, right?
(Oh, that?)
- Does that work? - What?
It appears to be.
I'll check it out.
You said you won't beg.
- I'm bored, that's all. - Of course.
- We're bored too. - We have plenty anyway.
- A feast needs music. - Exactly.
Of course.
Joon Ho, who do you want to hear from the most?
- How about Joo Hyuck? - Of course.
Yes, Joo Hyuck.
- What? - You should sing for us.
I'd like to hear you sing.
There are two things I hate the most.
What are they?
Singing in public...
and going in a cold bath.
I've been in one though.
You'll now sing in public as well.
(Are you saying you won't do it?)
All right.
(As if!)
(No way!)
(I'll liven up the mood.)
Enjoy your meal.
(He's in charge of the party.)
(Thumbs up!)
(He rarely sings this at karaoke rooms.)
(We're hearing him sing his favorite song.)
(Have you lowered your inhibitions now?)
(Snorting)
(He even breaks out some old moves.)
Like that.
(We didn't know you were this adorable.)
(Thank you very much.)
Thank you.
- That was great. - Yes, it was.
Did you see that?
Do you think this'll affect my acting career?
- No, it won't. - Not at all.
It won't hurt you at all.
It won't leave a dent in your career.
(Could I have something in return then?)
Hi, it's the youngest.
- There you go. - Thank you.
Thanks.
He has been in the light before,
which is why he could sing that song well.
- My gosh. - We'll let you join us...
if you sing some more.
Look at that.
- We should sing together. - Gosh.
Didn't you say you hated singing in public?
(This was something you hated.)
Unbelievable.
(Slowly, they opened up to each other.)
(South Jeolla Province, octopus skewer)
Let's play a game of "One Bite".
- I'm in. - Winner wins the chance.
- This... - This I have to win.
- Of course. - I need to eat this.
So what game should we play?
- I have an idea. - We'll lie facing down...
and crawl with our hands behind our backs.
(Crawl with our hands behind?)
- What? - Are you good at that?
- What? - Forward or backward?
- Forward. - Forward or backward?
- Forward. - The room's too small.
(While everyone finds it impossible...)
(Even the staff is unsure.)
(Joo Hyuck won't give up.)
(I've never came up with a game before.)
Like this.
This is what I meant.
(How pathetic.)
That's quite tricky. It's hard to move forward.
(Frosty responses)
(What's up with him?)
(I should've come prepared instead.)
What if we used our feet?
- To kick forward? - Yes, to kick.
- We'll fly forward. - From over there.
- Here. - We'll see who goes far.
(What will they think this time?)
- Okay. - Good.
Let's do this.
- That's better. - It's not that bad.
(He's never been so proud before.)
Let's see who goes first.
The winner decides. Rock-paper-scissors.
(They finally decided on an order.)
- I'm going first. - He's first.
("Octopus Catapult" by Kim Joo Hyuck)
Push with your legs.
- Not the hands. - No.
- That's it. - Exactly.
Let's go.
- All right. - Let's do this.
Octopus. This I have to eat.
I only need one big push.
One...
(He's the inventor of this game.)
- Wait. - Gosh.
(After collecting his thoughts,)
(the octopus finally flies.)
Okay, stop right there.
- Here. - Write down his record.
Right at his head.
- He went quite far. - That's perfect.
Look how far he went.
- Good. - All right.
Get me some tape.
- All right. - Make sure you're right.
You actually look like a mantis.
(He resembles a certain insect.)
Doesn't he look like an origami frog?
You're kind of right.
(Laugh while you can.)
- Exactly. - See what I mean?
- I'm ready. - He's tall so...
(He easily beats Joo Hyuck's score.)
(Amazing)
- No way. - Joo Hyuck's out.
(His excitement lasted a minute and 30 seconds.)
The winner is Jung Joon Young.
(Jung Joon Young, the luckiest man on earth)
Why does he always win?
(He wins a whole skewer of octopus.)
- Here. - It's roasted well.
(He tastes the octopus.)
My gosh.
(I'd give anything to be Jung Joon Young.)
Look at him.
Has he no compassion?
- Unbelievable. - Gosh.
Look at him eat.
I know.
Let's throw this away.
- Really? - Yes.
Throw it away.
(Swiftly)
No way.
- I can't believe you all. - It's delicious.
It's really good.
(He was humbler than we thought.)
(No, he was even better than that.)
(He was like the funny friend next door.)
That hurts!
(Cramps!)
(He got cramps too.)
- Are you all right? - Hey!
(He is ruined.)
Shake it.
Go on, shake it!
- Spread out your leg. - He has a cramp.
(The cramps cramped his style.)
You're okay.
(Then one day...)
This'll be your last test.
I'll give you the first half of an idiom.
- No way. - You'll say the rest.
- Oh no. - I can't do this.
I can't do this.
The game's over with one wrong answer.
- Start with Joon Young. - Here we go.
You can do this.
And go.
(Joon Young, the ace, kicks things off.)
Childhood, 1, 2, 3.
Hill.
What?
- Childhood... - Friend!
There might be a hill by that name.
(I remember now!)
(There might be a hill by that name.)
You never know.
In your dreams.
You never know though.
- Anyway... - Childhood Hill.
(We stood no chance.)
(They pretend it never happened.)
Your wisdom will be tested through idioms.
- Okay. - Here we go.
We start with Joon Young.
- Bring it on. - Okay, let's go.
- Childhood. - Friend.
- Okay! - Is this for real?
A three day, 1, 2, 3.
- Resolution. - Kill the dog, 1, 2, 3.
(Kill the dog after hunting is over.)
After the corner.
What?
- Are you kidding me? - After hunting is over!
- Joo Hyuck. - He's unbelievable.
- Really? - I'm disappointed in you.
- Are you for real? - What a disgrace.
You brought this on yourself.
How could you say the wrong answer?
Unbelievable.
I had no idea. My mind drew a blank.
- Gosh. - You're not like us.
You're supposed to be the smart one.
Let's not do quizzes. It's embarrassing.
You'll hurt your image by getting it wrong.
- He's now Mr. Gutaeng. - Gosh.
- Mr. Gutaeng. - Mr. Gutaeng.
From time to time,
I wonder why I joined this show.
(Laughing)
(To you who's left with only scars)
(Special guest Joo Hyuck confesses.)
From time to time,
I wonder why I joined this show.
That thought just pops in my head.
I don't know what I should do.
I'll tell you. Go and sit in the corner.
(Sit in the corner.)
The corner?
He gets a new nickname every week.
(He's greedy when it comes to nicknames.)
(And like that, we met Mr. Gutaeng.)
- Hello. - Not so close.
Hi.
(Trotting behind)
- Goodness. - Hello.
- The birthday party. - Let's do it now.
Whose birthday is it?
- Happy birthday to you - Happy birthday to you
There you go.
(A moving party!)
Can I cuss on camera? Can I?
Has anyone vomited on camera?
I'm sorry to say this on TV,
but smokes after meals are the bomb.
(He entertained us more and more.)
Next, you'll be breaking the ice.
The ice?
- We need hammers. - Is there a saw?
Do whatever you can to break the ice...
and free the three packets of instant rice.
- Right away? - And go!
(Everyone starts running.)
All right.
(Joo Hyuck comes to a halt.)
- Two of us... - Move. Move over.
Move over!
(He tells Joon Ho to step aside.)
This is it!
- Move over. - He's doing it.
Move over!
(Only 12 seconds in)
Did you see that?
- It's over. - We did it.
Over there. You target that side.
(Next in line is...)
Exactly!
All right.
- Defconn. - That's it.
It's fine.
- All right. - We're good.
- That's it. - Get them out.
- They're out. - All right.
That's it. That's good.
- We're done. - The end.
(Who knew it'd be this easy?)
Yes! We did it.
We dug out all three of them.
See?
(I'm sorry, but we're wiser now.)
- See? - Take that.
Joo Hyuck.
It's over.
(We forgot...)
Look.
Some people just don't learn.
- Gosh. - He won't learn.
I don't know about everybody else,
but Joo Hyuck has come a long way.
He was a real macho man.
- I wanted to do it. - You are our hero.
Being flustered, I came back with a shovel.
But then a man with a rock told me to move over,
so I did.
The rock flew, the ice broke,
and the rice came out.
Out came the rice.
He is our hero.
(The story of Joo Hyuck's growth)
(It would've been impossible by himself.)
- 1G. - 2G.
3G.
- We're 3G. - We're 3G.
(His colleagues changed him for the good.)
Are the members different?
That's right.
It's a brand new team.
The first team was the funniest though.
Yes, when it was led by Kang Ho Dong.
The show was very popular then.
We're not doing so bad though.
(We're not doing so bad though.)
(No, please don't say that.)
The new team, I mean.
From what I can tell,
- that's not the case. - It is.
People adore us too.
I don't watch it that much these days.
We'll do better then.
We'll do better so that you'll watch often again.
(More and more people climb onto the bus.)
(Joo Hyuck discovers something important.)
The camera is visible,
and I'm sitting at the front...
while people get on the bus.
No one seems to recognize me.
- I know. - They don't.
They just walk right past you.
Did you see that?
Excuse me. Aren't you Kim Joo Hyuck?
- It's him. - From One Night Two Days.
(The grateful ones)
I'm here to film an episode.
Look.
(He even shakes their hands.)
We're headed to the market.
- My gosh. Hello. - Hello.
Can I shake your hand? It's nice to meet you.
You look better in person.
Don't I? It's really a shame.
Joo Hyuck, could you say hello back here?
Hi!
(Is this "Meet the Celebrity"?)
Nice to meet you.
Hold on. Let me wipe off my tears.
My goodness.
I'm so touched.
(He even poses for them.)
(He's their superstar.)
- Thank you and bye. - Bye.
- Let me shake your hand. - Bye.
- Can we shake hands? - Thank you.
- Take care. - You too.
(That wasn't bad.)
(Joo Hyuck!)
(You...)
(Yes, it's me.)
Hello.
(The ladies love him.)
(An A-list celebrity)
Could you join us for a moment?
- Hello. - Yes, hello.
I'll do my best. I'm Kim Joo Hyuck.
(Is this a presidential election?)
I'm here for you.
- Hello. - Wait a minute.
- Here, here. - It's so cold out here.
It's me, Jong Min.
It's so cold.
Whatever. I'm 43 years old!
Please think kindly of me.
(His servile attitude captivates them.)
- I can't believe him. - Please, everyone.
That's so pathetic.
A year ago, no one stood behind Joo Hyuck.
Will the outcome be different today?
You'll turn around in 1, 2, 3.
Please!
(It's a party!)
(People started to realize just how amazing he is.)
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Unbelievable.
(To us...)
(For some reason...)
You were all in on this, weren't you?
- You were. - No way.
- Why would we be? - I knew it!
(To us, Kim Joo Hyuck was...)
(a friend and a brother.)
Comfortable, adorable and sweet.
You'll find him funny too.
That's what I want the viewers to see.
See who he is inside.
He's also very considerate.
He puts others first.
Putting others first is actually a flaw of his.
(The oldest but odd brother...)
(who'd be the rock but never demand authority.)
(June 15, 2014, Backpacking Special)
Are they coming?
Where are the others?
They're coming.
(He's looking out for those fallen behind.)
Watch your step.
Be careful.
Watch your step coming up.
It's very steep.
(The afternoon hiking is coming to an end.)
That's better.
It's pretty high.
(They are drained of energy.)
We're not done yet.
There's another corner.
Over there.
This must be it.
(The last stop before reaching the top)
(A mysterious tarp is blocking their way.)
What is it?
Under the tarp over there, you'll come in for...
an individual interview.
Joo Hyuck, you're first.
(Joo Hyuck's first to have the talk.)
Whatever it is, be nice to us.
- You got it. - Sure.
Can't I be sitting somewhere less awkward?
(His own slapstick comedy)
There's a good 30 minutes left.
- Until we reach the top? - Yes.
Please take a look at the sign.
The path we've been on was the easy one.
The other one is relatively harder.
It's known as the Gasping Hill.
- It must be tricky. - Exactly.
It gets steeper at the last minute.
What you need to do...
is think of what you'll discard.
What I'll discard?
Tents were made to share anyway,
so you could always share someone else's.
(It may be cramped, but you could share.)
Is there something we can eat?
- Should I take a look? - Sure.
(It's snack time again.)
I think you'll have something.
Why do I have all the ham?
- Is it okay to eat this? - Sure.
I think it's a game to empty our bags.
- I think you're right. - What?
(His interview is over.)
You won't believe how heavy it is.
Why didn't you discard anything?
What's the point when we're almost there?
There's nothing I want to discard.
- Are you sure? - Yes.
The other's might discard their things,
but I should keep mine.
Is it because you don't trust them?
I can't discard mine and use theirs.
I'd rather they use mine instead.
That's why I should keep mine.
There's no other way.
(June 14, 2015, More More More Special)
(What will we be like in 10 years?)
Joon Ho will...
organize the International Comedy Festival...
in Pyongyang.
You wrote some really nice things.
Defconn will...
take on rappers from North Korea...
in an intense rap battle.
(He's moved by that.)
Let me freestyle.
It'll be too rough to air...
in both North and South Korea.
(Banned in both countries)
- "Jong Min." - Yes?
"How's your cart bar doing?"
(Out of the blue)
Why do I own a cart bar?
"I'm always in tears just thinking of you."
"Was it 2017?"
"If it had not been for that incident..."
(If it had not been for that incident...)
What incident?
"You'd still be on One Night Two Days."
What on earth did I do?
"The toy hammer turned out to be made of steel,"
"and that made you a complete moron."
(A single blow made him a moron.)
So I became a moron?
Let's not lose hope.
Now let's hear what Joo Hyuck wrote.
"We just met for drinks yesterday,"
"so it's awkward to read this letter we wrote..."
"10 years ago. You all have aged."
"Tae Hyun, congratulations on your son..."
"getting into Seoul University."
(Affectionate predictions)
"Joon Ho, I wish you'd stop..."
"starting your own business."
"It's already your fifth attempt."
He's being sincere.
"I hope it works out this time."
"Defconn, stop worrying and do what you want."
"Joon Young, now that you're older,"
"live a more normal life."
He's like a father.
My gosh.
"My second child started school this year."
- Really? - After 10 years?
"My wife is also pregnant with my third child."
That means he's seeing someone now.
"I should make big bucks for my family,"
"so I'm lucky to be cast in a Brad Pitt movie."
"After its success, I'll treat you to a meal."
Only his life has turned out great.
- I know. - Tell me about it!
(July 12, 2015, To Your House)
Next,
we're heading to Jong Min's house.
- What? - What?
(They'll be staying there for the night.)
Are we sleeping at Jong Min's?
At my house?
(Even Jong Min didn't know.)
What will we do all day then?
- Are we sleeping there? - The place we're going...
now is where he spent his childhood.
So not his house?
I remember this smell.
- I missed this smell. - I understand.
There is a mountain behind the village.
- Hello. - Hello.
Jong Min is here.
- Hello. - You look adorable.
- Hello. - Jong Min.
- Is she your aunt? - Yes.
- She's his aunt. - Don't we look alike?
They do look alike.
I take after my mom.
Does Jong Min visit here often?
Not very often. Only when he visits his dad's grave.
I see. It must be because he's busy.
As you know, Jong Min's father passed away.
Even so,
- he is really... - He's become a good man.
Exactly. I really appreciate him.
Gosh, it's dark.
When I was young, walking here at night...
was so terrifying.
I sang songs while walking because I was so scared.
(Meanwhile, the members are...)
Where is Jong Min?
- Is he outside? - No.
Jong Min is taking his aunt to her house.
Do we have a morning mission tomorrow?
- A morning mission? - Yes.
Yes, we do.
Since Jong Min's father's grave is here...
- He said it's near here. - Yes.
Are you saying you want to visit his grave...
instead of doing the morning mission?
You were thinking of another morning mission?
Yes, there is one.
Can we visit the grave after the morning mission?
I don't think you can do both.
Then how about...
(It's the 2nd day of the trip.)
(Is everyone awake yet?)
(Today, they all got up early to get ready.)
(Under the lead of Joo Hyuck,)
(the members get ready to visit the grave.)
Let's go.
I've never gone to his grave with anyone else...
- other than my family. - Really?
It was really nice to talk about this idea.
- Was it? - Yes.
Joo Hyuck came up with this idea.
- Is it here? - It's over there.
(They are here to visit Jong Min's father.)
- Is it here? - Are we there?
The left one is my grandfather's grave.
And the right one is your father's?
Hello, Jong Min's father and grandfather.
- Hello. - My paternal grandfather.
- This is my father's. - Hello.
It looks very well-trimmed.
He said his mother was here yesterday.
She must have thought Jong Min would come.
That must be why she cut all the weeds.
The sickle is sharp. I was told to be careful.
Is this how you do it?
Yes, that's how you get rid of the weeds.
I'm not sure if this is the correct way.
I can't step on it.
- Is this enough? - That's enough.
Joon Young, here.
(They carefully cut the weeds.)
- Isn't it cold? - Shall we begin?
- Okay. - Let's begin.
Should we put them here?
Yes. We need to peel the fruits.
- Peel the top part only. - Very good.
- And... - Peel the opposite side.
- What about rice cake? - Rice cake...
Let's put a piece of rice cake over there.
The rice cake is sent by Joon Ho's mother.
It's from my mother.
There must be sikhye too.
We should serve him a cup of sikhye too.
What else do we need?
Chopsticks. Chopsticks.
Do we have chopsticks?
- Fill it up please. - Did he like alcohol?
- Yes, he did. - Let me fill it too.
(They fill the glass with alcohol he used to like.)
Jong Min, you can bow alone first.
Let me start then.
(Jong Min bows to his father first.)
Pour it on the grave.
Good.
(Followed by him,)
Let me fill it up so that he can drink a lot.
(Joo Hyuck fills up the glass.)
Let me do it too.
I think it's enough.
He shouldn't drink too much.
He has a bad drinking habit.
Have you seen it?
I've seen it a lot.
(He makes a silly joke.)
That's enough.
If you've seen it a lot, what can I say?
Sir, Jong Min will do fine.
Sir.
We are...
One Night Two Days.
Jong Min is the most senior member among us.
I learn a lot from him.
We feel comfortable here all thanks to him.
Please don't worry about him and rest in peace.
We will have a good time here during the stay.
Don't worry.
Jong Min is doing well these days.
Don't worry about him.
- I'll tidy up the rest. - All right.
- All right. - Okay.
I'll visit you again someday. Take care.
- Take care. - Take care.
Goodbye.
(He's embarrassed to show appreciation...)
(so he just let them leave first.)
(Left alone, he stays there for quite a while.)
(Goodbye, Father.)
(Joo Hyuck's heartwarming comment made him...)
(miss his dad even more on this summer day.)
Give me the water.
(He was as innocent as a boy.)
- Kim Joo Hyuck! - Kim Joo Hyuck!
This is all my fault.
(He was a warm-hearted person.)
Hello.
I'm delivering your mail.
- Bye. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - You're welcome. Bye.
(Kim Joo Hyuck was a nice person.)
Ma'am, I miss you.
So now we'll go ahead...
and let them decide on who they want as workers.
I'm choosing the one in the red shirt.
- What? - Ma'am!
- Me? - No way.
- You can't do this to us. - Ma'am.
I'm wearing a red shirt as well.
The moment I walked in and saw you all,
I immediately grew fond of him.
- That's impossible. - Please, ma'am.
They're making decisions based on looks.
This isn't about who they fancy.
He looks like my son.
(Joo Hyuck will go to the market.)
(Joo Hyuck heads downtown.)
Why did you pick me?
When all six of you were standing in front of me,
I wanted to pick you. You reminded me of my son.
Then I will call you Mom...
the whole day today.
Mom. I will call you Mom.
Actually, I saw a photo studio.
I wanted to take a picture with her.
(Anyhow,)
(he starts to freshen up.)
You should comb your hair before taking the picture.
You should look pretty in the picture.
Which position should we take?
It'd be good if you sit close to each other.
Put your hand around her.
- Please print two. - Okay.
- You look great in it. - Do I?
(Satisfied)
- Thank you. - I wanted to do this.
He's like my son.
(A picture of good memories)
Come on out, my juniors!
Excuse me. Hello.
(Joo Hyuck came to visit his juniors.)
- Hello. - My gosh.
- It's One Night Two Days. - My gosh.
- Unbelievable. - Hello.
I'm your senior. Please say hello back to me.
- Hello. - Hello.
- What year are you in? - We'll be the 41st...
- graduates. - 40th?
- 41st. - 41st?
I'm a 16th graduate.
(Nice to meet you, Joo Hyuck.)
Hello!
- Kim Joo Hyuck! - Kim Joo Hyuck!
You guys are for sure my juniors!
You guys are the best!
(Let's go, Youngdong High!)
Two bowls of rice cake ramen...
- 3 bowls of rice. - and 3 bowls of rice.
- It's 10 dollars. - All right.
Please give us enough soup to eat with rice.
Thank you.
Gosh, it's hard. What are we doing?
(He spent precious time with his juniors.)
(One Night Two Days Field Trip Talent Show)
This is good.
I know. It's big, isn't it?
It's uncomfortable in a sleeping bag.
(The wild variety professional is kind.)
This is my first time to sleep in a tent.
This is fun. It'll be a nice memory for me.
In 1, 2, and 3.
(Sometimes he was a mentor in life.)
People say we're smart,
but there's a lot of competition in school.
We keep comparing ourselves to others here.
It makes us suffer from low self-esteem...
while other people praise us.
I was just told to go to Seoul National University.
I thought everything would be okay if I did.
I thought I'd be a hero or something once I go there.
But now that I entered the school, it was nothing.
- I understand. - I just got a student ID.
For the first two years, I just drank...
and played rugby every day.
In fact, entering Seoul National University...
wasn't his goal.
It's just that he just tried...
to come up to the expectations...
of people around him.
He wasn't in his decision.
"What do I really like?"
That's what he is thinking right now.
If you're not sure whether you like it or not,
you should go further on your way.
Then you can think about it again.
You don't have to feel afraid and step back yet.
Just keep going.
You're still young.
(You're still at the beginning of the game.)
You still have plenty of chances.
Whatever you do, things can get hard.
Even when you do something you like,
you will go through hardships...
and get exhausted from time to time.
But there'd be one thing that makes you not quit.
There'd be a lot of bad things,
but this one thing would make you very happy.
And it'd give you the power not to give up.
You should choose something like that.
Then you'll love what you do your whole life.
You can't like everything about your job.
(Hello)
Hello.
Look at him.
It kind of looks like Defconn.
Defconn.
(It looks just like him.)
It looks peaceful.
Go fight it.
Look. She knows it's a camera.
Here.
(He was an emotionally warm person.)
(He was a warm-hearted friend.)
I met Geun Young when she was in middle school.
- In middle school? - That's when I met her.
- She was so pretty then. - What about now?
You're still pretty. She still has the eyes.
I can't believe a girl can have such beautiful eyes.
Whenever I see her,
I'm surprised by how honest she is.
Honest.
She's a girl of sound mind.
- She's so good. - I see.
I heard people saying that.
What kind of man would take her?
- He's worried. - I feel like her brother.
What kind of man do you want her to date?
- Pick one person. - Among the members.
Among the members of One Night Two Days?
(Don't be ridiculous.)
I can't answer that.
She deserves a better man.
She needs a man with a similar character.
What's her hobby?
She's a homebody.
- Really? - She likes to be home.
Geun Young even told me...
she barely goes to a cafe near her house.
It must've been hard for her to decide to be here.
That's right. It was hard.
Do you watch TV at home?
Congratulations. You just got 11 new friends.
You're right.
(I just got 11 new friends.)
(This is so exciting.)
Please help Geun Young have a good time today.
(He's like her big brother.)
- Welcome. - Thank you.
In 1, 2, and 3. Hit me!
- Look at Geun Young. - She's good.
(You're good enough to be a singer.)
- Look at the score. - Yes!
- I can't believe this. - 95?
That's unbelievable.
- We did a good job. - I know.
I thought that.
I wanted to thank you for inviting me here.
She's so nice.
Spending some time with you yesterday,
I found myself thinking I feel so comfortable...
around you.
Now that we appeared in a TV show together,
people wouldn't get suspicious...
even if I bought you dinner or something.
You're right.
I don't want anything from you.
Whenever I'm with you,
you can think I'm always on your side.
- All the time. - You too.
He has a warm heart.
That's why I've worked with him the whole time.
He's humane.
(He's here to surprise his friend.)
(Bursting open)
What's going on?
- One Night... - What are you doing?
- One Night... - What's going on?
- Say it. One Night... - I can't believe this.
- Say it. One Night... - Don't do this.
(He's panicking.)
(He's the CEO of a famous agency.)
Just say it.
Right. We have this.
(He keeps Joo Hyuck's videos in his office.)
It's his first film.
I've collected Joo Hyuck's videos.
I used to bring these video tapes...
to a meeting with film companies.
(Joo Hyuck's first film, "Say Yes")
(Since his debut, he's appeared in many films...)
(to become the top actor in the country.)
(And Jong Do has been with him the whole time.)
It's faded.
- I know. - It's turned yellow.
(The faded labels show how old the tapes are.)
I've worked...
with him for the past 17 years.
I've always wanted to go on a trip with Jong Do.
But I couldn't do that alone with him.
But now, here we are.
To me, he's like...
my real brother.
I'm serious.
The happiest moment of my life was...
when Joo Hyuck shot a TV commercial with his dad.
His father didn't feel well back then.
At that time,
he called me to his car.
And he asked me...
to take good care of Joo Hyuck.
That memory just came back to me.
If I could be Joo Hyuck's pace maker,
it'd mean a lot to me.
(He decided to become Joo Hyuck's pace maker.)
(To Joo Hyuck, his father is...)
It's my first time to tear up as soon as I wake up.
Why?
The second I woke up,
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
I heard the word "father" and burst into tears.
- I'm serious. - I see.
But I tried hard to hold back the tears.
You had no idea until I told you about it, right?
- He had no idea. - As soon as I heard...
he's your father,
I saw his benevolent smile.
Suddenly tears welled up in my eyes.
Three things came to my mind.
(Three things came to his mind.)
I was envious. It felt warm.
And I missed my father.
I was so envious.
My second son is in the military.
- In the military? - Yes.
The man standing behind me is my second son.
He's in the military now.
You're such a happy family.
How did you feel when you sent him off...
- to the military? - How did I feel?
What is it like being a parent?
Actually I...
I barely cry, to be honest.
I'm kind of a cold-hearted person.
But I cried when my son joined the army.
What term was he on?
He couldn't even call me Dad.
He just shed big drops of tears without calling me.
He's a grown man though.
I couldn't hold back tears looking at him.
So we cried together.
That's when I realized...
I was very proud of him.
He shouted, "Salute!" And before I knew it,
I was taking the salute.
(A photo with his family)
(At Myeongdong Cathedral in 2014)
(At Myeongdong Cathedral in 1967)
Where did you get this picture?
- Why? Who are they? - Is he your father?
Yes.
Joo Hyuck.
(The late Kim Mu Saeng and his wife)
Is it Myeongdong Cathedral?
Did you take the picture knowing about this?
So are they your mother and father?
Oh my goodness.
(It's his first time to meet his parents' youth.)
(And)
(Samsung-dong home in 1976)
(Where are you, Joo Hyuck?)
- Where are you? - He's on the right.
- There. - On the right.
(They hold off on what they want to say.)
(First day of middle school in 1985)
Is that your graduation?
(Joo Hyuck's Seoul)
(Outskirts of Seoul in 1984)
(The pictures make them shed tears.)
The places you visited today are...
the places people we know...
had seen and visited.
This picture was taken in 1967.
(Myeong-dong, in the spring of 1967)
As you can see,
it's Kim Mu Saeng.
That's when they were dating.
That's from when your mom and dad were dating.
Have you seen this picture?
I don't remember.
I've never seen this picture before.
He told me that...
that picture is very precious to him.
(It's a very precious photograph.)
So he didn't show it to anyone,
and kept it for a long time.
(He kept it to himself.)
That's Myeongdong Cathedral.
You've never seen it before.
This is my first time seeing it.
Your dad is so stylish.
- Really? - Your mom as well.
- They're both cool. - They're young.
People didn't wear sunglasses like that then.
- They look great. - They're stylish.
Look at the scarf she's wearing.
(1967 style date)
My mom was Sejong University queen.
(She was Miss Sejong University.)
My dad snatched her.
Because she was the queen.
(The brave Kim Mu Saeng)
When was this?
I think I was 4 or 5 years old.
I'm on the right and that's my brother.
(His older brother is on the left.)
Was he a kind dad?
He was when I was young. But he was strict.
He was stern.
- Is it you? - Yes.
(Traveling together)
My dad liked viewing stones.
Do you see the stones by the riverside?
Collecting stones was a game we played.
The car trunk is opened to put the stones in.
I'm serious. We still have those stones at home.
You collected viewing stones.
(He must've been a difficult dad then.)
My dad was strict.
He was very strict.
Dads are strict when their kids are young.
By the time...
I saw his lonely side, he passed away.
I see.
I realized that my dad looked lonely.
He was not the stern dad he used to be.
I have so many regrets.
(Things he regret)
I never expressed my affection.
When I watch TV at night, when I see...
a heartwarming father and son moment,
I feel envious.
That's why I want to get married soon.
I want to become a dad and understand Dad.
Yes.
(No place is special from the beginning.)
(Memories make them special.)
(Do we have a special space?)
(Trips we took together)
I feel drowsy and sluggish.
Really? You shouldn't.
It's because I feel so at ease.
Let's start working hard.
(It's a feel good type of sluggish.)
My mind...
is very much at ease.
- Because you're here. - Yes.
I saw old men sitting in their chairs.
I understand them completely.
Sitting down and doing nothing.
Is this your first time visiting an island?
My grandparents live on an island.
- Right. - Geoje Island.
So...
my mom's dad ran a fishery.
There are a lot of photos taken on the island.
(Childhood photos with memories)
I was so tanned except for my butt.
(If only he could...)
It was wonderful.
(look back on our memories like this.)
What's the next song?
(The weather was really great.)
(The scenery was beautiful.)
(The guys traveling with me are funny.)
- Yes. - Back then.
(October 25, 2015, Emotional Fall Trip)
- Watching baseball? - When I'm dreaming?
- It's nice. - Some kids?
This music is like restaurant music.
- Gosh. - What do you like?
- I like pork cutlet. - The song is nice.
It's romantic.
Warm up the rolls please.
Order a parfait.
- Parfait. - Parfait.
- Gosh. - Parfait.
Every table had a phone.
You call table number three and they'd pick up.
You see a girl sitting in a cafe.
You go inside...
and call the cafe.
You ask for the girl who's sitting there.
Jong Min.
(How gentle is the rain)
(Softly on the meadow)
(They sing in gibberish.)
I thought at least one of us would remember.
Nobody knows the lyrics.
How could I memorize them?
(Not all the days were sunny like this.)
- It's nice. - It's great.
I feel like traveling today.
Yes, it's nice outside.
This is perfect.
(Looking back, all the days were perfect.)
(Winter mountain)
It's beautiful.
(The snowy landscape leaves them in awe.)
(Spring sea)
- Gosh. - Right now!
- They're migrating. - Yes.
(They see the change of seasons.)
(Summer island)
(Childish memories)
Get ready.
(Fall river)
It's stronger than you think.
Don't pull.
(Careful)
(Sometimes they were a bit risky.)
- Joo Hyuck! - My shoe!
It's all wet.
(When hiking a rough path,)
(Joo Hyuck was always leading the way.)
- Come quickly. - Hey.
Hello!
Is this it?
It's nice.
It's beautiful.
(He was always humble before nature.)
(They visited beautiful cities.)
1, 2, 3, 4, 5. I see 5.
(The memories of experiencing the wild)
Just run. Keep running.
(The five naughty guys got an older brother.)
- Good job. - No.
(On the road they walked together,)
- It's windy. - We're here.
- What's that? - Look.
- Look at that. - Gosh.
(they saw the nature's wonder.)
Look at them.
- They're splitting. - Gosh.
Look at that.
(The first day of a new year)
(Midsummer nights)
(He said he wanted to see the world.)
(He adopted quickly.)
(Yummy)
(So there had been a lot of incidents.)
I can't believe this.
(At times he was like a boy.)
Did you eat it?
(He did his best...)
(on an unfamiliar variety show.)
You said it'd be easy today.
- That's it! - I got it!
(He gave us the gift of knowing...)
(the cheerfulness only those who knew him know.)
I'm getting tired.
(Every day was new.)
She's excited.
(Good people we got to meet through him)
(Laughing)
(Someone who was and wasn't talkative)
(Someone we couldn't know)
- One Night! - Two Days!
(On every road they walked on together)
- Gosh. - Look at that.
I should take a panorama shot.
- Can we sit here? - Yes.
Here on the center.
Why don't we...
take a nice picture together here?
When we look at it in our 60s or 70s later,
it will remind us of today.
- Something like this? - We should gather up.
- Make the happiest face. - Yes.
- I'll take it now. 1, 2. - A moment to remember.
One Night,
- Two Days! - Two Days!
(Thanks to the memories we made with him,)
- One Night... - Two Days!
(in this wide world,)
- Gosh, thank you. - Great work.
(we have special places now.)
(A long time ago,)
Joo Hyuck. Hurry up, and get ready now.
(we met unexpectedly.)
Why are you still talking? Hurry up.
(Six men who were awkward around each other...)
(became good friends,)
Nice to meet you.
(and 2 years have passed.)
(His mischievous friends...)
(who now know him so well visited him again.)
We came because we miss the old days.
You're as annoying as then.
You haven't changed at all.
(The last trip)
(The trip began as usual.)
(He knew Jong Min's fear of heights.)
Jump!
(He always let others win and made people laugh.)
(A hard worker)
It's delicious.
(Lying)
(Throwing up citron)
- Go. - One more turn.
(They played like boys for food and place to sleep.)
There you go.
(Even when those times were ending,)
1, 2, 3.
(he acted as usual until the end.)
(Perhaps,)
(he never showed his feelings that day...)
(because of his thoughtful character.)
I should take a picture to remember this.
I took it.
You seem to be having fun.
It's a nice picture.
They're all sleeping.
(He only took a picture in secret.)
It's our second anniversary today.
Also, this is the last trip with Joo Hyuck.
- Let's hear... - I'm jealous.
- how he feels. - I'm jealous of him.
First of all, time passed so quickly.
It feels like it's only been a year,
but two years have passed already.
When I first came here, I was afraid.
But after the 1st and the 2nd filming,
I was glad I joined this show...
because of these guys.
(It's because of the members.)
It didn't feel like work.
I came here to have big laughter...
once in every two weeks.
I came here to be happy. That's how it felt.
(Why are you leaving?)
Why are you leaving?
(Stop talking nonsense.)
- Why all of a sudden? - That's right.
Tell us the reason why you're leaving.
- Joo Hyuck. - Be honest.
He said it made him happy.
- Many would be curious. - Listen. Earlier,
Joon Ho and others said, "Why are you leaving?"
"We came all the way here because of you."
I was happy to hear those things.
If they had been sad and solemn...
because of me,
I would've thought that I'm not...
their true friend yet.
So why are you leaving?
Why are you leaving? I've been asking since morning.
Why aren't you telling us the reason?
- Why am I leaving? - Yes.
- Be honest. - Really?
- Yes. - You should be honest.
To be honest, this isn't my main job.
(This isn't my main job.)
I'm a singer too.
- Hey. - Jong Min.
- Hey. - This is your main job.
I've mentioned this a lot.
I'm not helpful to this team.
I often want to do funnier things and be more active.
I want to, and I think I can,
but I hold myself back.
At that moment,
it makes me think I'm not helpful to you.
I was going to quit after only a year.
We know.
But I couldn't do it because of you guys.
Thank you.
That doesn't sound so sincere.
Are you sleeping?
- You're sleepy, right? - Are you sleepy?
I listened to him with my heart.
It's the last trip, and look what he's wearing.
- What is that? - What were you thinking?
Girls love it.
(Is it for the viewers?)
Aren't we doing this for the viewers?
I also want to say something to the viewers.
- Now? - Seniors watch it too.
- I know. - To him right there?
I've been on this show for two years,
and I learned that the members and the staff...
are the best people I've ever met...
on any shows or movies.
I mean it. These boys are...
- These boys are... - She's crying.
It has begun.
- She's crying. - There she goes.
I'm talking right now.
- Come on. - Don't interrupt me.
It's because he complimented the staff.
- Please continue. - May I?
- Sure. Go on. - Please understand.
Some people would be glad that I'm leaving,
and some people wouldn't want me to leave.
I think...
it'd feel weird to be home on Friday and Saturday.
What if I set up a tent and sleep in it at home?
But we only meet every other week.
Yes.
You're right. I'm sorry.
That's right.
(The day grows darker.)
Great work, everyone.
- Thanks. - Thank you all.
I'm glad all of us are sleeping together tonight.
- Good night. - Thank you, Joo Hyuck.
- Good night. - Thank you.
It's our last night with Joo Hyuck.
It is.
It's sad that we can no longer see you...
run off happily when the filming ends.
That's true.
Joo Hyuck.
Give us good advice before we go to sleep.
You don't need any. You're already doing good.
Just keep it up.
(They can't imagine...)
(his absence yet.)
I can imagine what you'd say on the next episode.
"I don't feel like we're missing anything."
How did you know that?
- We won't feel it at all. - When Joon Ho was out,
you already saw what happened.
No one would notice it even if one of us is gone.
We had so much fun when Joon Ho wasn't here.
- Was it fun? - He's right.
It was awesome.
It's already end of the day.
(The last day breaks.)
(It seems Joo Hyuck can't really sleep.)
(He watches the others sleep.)
(Chuckling)
I wonder if I'll ever sleep in a room...
with other guys again.
(Sound asleep)
I usually can't sleep if someone snores.
(He was sensitive,)
But I slept fine with them.
(but he got used to their sleeping habits.)
They look like babies.
(Gazing)
I should join them on a trip later.
(It feels sadder as the parting comes closer.)
That's enough for me.
(One Night Two Days is a travel show.)
(We need to get used to meeting new people,)
(and we need to get used to parting a little more.)
(Today,)
(another parting awaits.)
(They go to see Joo Hyuck off.)
Are you leaving now?
- Are you leaving? - He should.
(He walks slowly.)
It was nice working with you all.
I don't know what to say. Keep working hard.
(He makes a joke to avoid the awkwardness.)
You should work hard.
- Bye, Joo Hyuck. - That's your car.
Did you say goodbye to the directors?
Not yet.
Guys.
They're uncomfortable because of the cameras.
- Eun Ji and... - I have to work tomorrow,
- but let's set a date. - Yes.
- Sure. - For a team dinner.
- Thank you. - I can't leave like this.
- I've had a great time. - Me too.
No, this will make me feel awkward again.
- Thank you. - I'm not good at this.
- He's crying. - What?
I saw his eyes filled with tears.
- What is this? - Come on.
These people are ridiculous.
- Is someone crying again? - You cry so easily.
(If you guys cry...)
Hey. You're making us look bad for not crying.
You're making me look bad too.
- Don't worry. - My gosh.
You worked the hardest.
You had a hard time during every shoot.
- Joo Hyuck seems stiff. - He's about to cry.
- Why? - Your face seems stiff.
You aren't your usual self.
- Is that so? - Yes.
I should get going.
I'm leaving.
Bye.
Goodbye.
(They might as well walk him home.)
Go away.
Thank you.
Goodness.
(They started together but finish differently.)
He's crying again.
(It feels more realistic.)
- Goodness. - Thank you, everyone.
- Goodbye. - Bye.
Goodbye.
(As they enjoyed their time together,)
(it's more difficult to say goodbye.)
Goodness.
(He tries to remain strong.)
It feels strange.
- What's going on? - Lock the door.
- Lock the door. - Lock the door.
- The door is unlocked. - What's going on?
- Joo Hyuck. - Yes?
Take off the microphone before you go.
Okay.
Are you taking the microphone?
Let him take it.
(They want to laugh until the end.)
(The other members say goodbye.)
Take off the microphone.
(They support each other more than anyone.)
- Goodbye. - Take care.
Take care.
See you soon.
(It seems like they'll see each other soon.)
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
Why are we staying so far away from him?
Why are we so far away?
- Joo Hyuck. - In case he cries.
Goodbye.
His manager is here.
What is he doing when his manager is here?
Can you stay here?
- Aren't you taking him? - Don't go.
What are you going to do?
He got in the car alone.
- What's the point? - Give me the key.
I'll drive.
This is so weird.
(He makes them laugh until the end.)
They have to leave too.
(Joo Hyuck makes them laugh until the end.)
(He promised to go on a surprise trip together,)
(but we received sudden tragic news.)
(Joo Hyuck left without saying farewell.)
(They'd like to say goodbye somehow.)
(However,)
(to express their feelings...)
Joo Hyuck.
I...
(this way,)
(they continued to think and hesitate.)
Joo Hyuck was always...
an amazing brother to us.
(He was amazing.)
He was more precious than anyone.
(He was an amazing and precious friend.)
When I was taking a break from One Night Two Days,
I contacted the members when I returned to Korea.
Joo Hyuck...
He didn't want to give me a hard time.
When I returned, we had a meeting.
He was worried for me,
so he came to see me.
Joo Hyuck is having a hard time now,
but I can't be with him.
I feel so bad.
(I'm sorry, Joo Hyuck.)
I want to go and see him soon.
(I want to go and see him soon.)
We'll never forget you.
Our Joo Hyuck.
(We won't ever forget you.)
I hope...
you're at a good place.
Rest in peace.
Joo Hyuck.
What shall I say?
Somehow...
I always wanted to...
show this place to you.
That's why I came here.
For your last episode,
we filmed ourselves with a camera.
We went to places where we spent time...
with you.
In that episode,
(It's a precious place that Joo Hyuck remembers.)
you mentioned this place.
You probably thought...
that someone would come here.
That's what I think.
Here it is.
Ta-da.
Do you see it?
(Myeongdong Cathedral)
Can you see it well?
You and your parents were together...
as we put your photos together.
I wanted to show you this place.
Yes.
Of course you may see it better where you are now.
I still wanted to show it to you once more.
(2 weeks ago)
(A congratulatory message for 10-year anniversary)
Hello, this is Kim Joo Hyuck.
Congratulations on 10-year anniversary of the show.
Continuing a show for 10 years is impressive.
From the audience perspective,
I feel a great deal of respect.
It's quite impressive.
I hope that the members continue to work hard...
so there is no end to...
One Night Two Days.
Also...
I say this every time, but I always miss you.
I wish great things for One Night Two Days.
I hope it's loved more by the viewers.
I wish luck to all the members.
(He smiled like a passing season.)
(We'll always miss him.)
(Even if you smile for me)
(You can't hide your dispirited face)
(Looking weak, you turn away)
(I can only watch you in a hazy view)
(I know that for our love)
(This is the last time)
(Even if we both wanted, it can't last forever)
(In the passing of time)
(After time passes and we forget nostalgia)
(That makes us hurt so much inside)
(The fact that we were in precious love)
(Don't forget and remember it)
(After time passes and we forget nostalgia)
(That makes us hurt so much inside)
(The fact that we were in precious love)
(Don't forget and remember it)
(Kim Joo Hyuck will be remembered with love.)